hey there everybody um in this video
it's more of a tutorial for us mining
mayhem users basically what i'm going to
show you is how to set up two types of
shops an infinite shop like my mall here
those teens who sold out that's because
i don't want tnt on the server anymore
and then play your shots to use these
shops it's pretty straightforward with
the infinite shops say i need a bucket
click on the chest put in a gold
actually hold on let's show you right
click on the sign to find out the rate
one bucket along gold okay i need two
buckets to put into gold right click on
the side and then when you get buckets
or food it's best to unstack them when
you get them that's pretty cool then to
use the chest to sell items you will
just put the items you want to sell into
the corresponding chest right click the
sign again it'll tell you you sold to be
to build and there you but this is a big
mall everything's kind of sorted out you
guys are all see that later but now i
want to show you how to make a player
shop yeah oh I should go over here
somewhere anyway so yeah that's my
seubert skin so it Burke skin that is
odds tree farm that's pretty cool guy
let's see it's give
cloth too much do I chest I sign okay
this one is a little more complicated
sorry about that little legs back there
you need to have two items on the back a
chest and then behind it you're going to
put a sign on the sign you're going to
put the item you want to sell and then
you're going to put by for let's say I
want to sell 32 glass for one gold but
then i will sell it to other players or
other players will sell it to me for
let's do the same price and then down
here you have to put your name
capitalization will matter you have to
put it in the hyphens and it will not
let you put another user's name on your
side so there you go made my little sore
but now in order for users to sell to
you there has to be gold in your store
so what you have to do is you have to
right-click we're going to put the gold
put all 64 66 golden and right click it
and down there it says despite deposit
it's 66 gold then you look and it's gone
so your gold is stored in the
complicated mass plug in thing that I
don't know how anything works so you
right click it again it's empty right
click on your sign you'll withdraw 66
gold and so put that back deposit it and
now since we're selling glass we have to
put glass into the store so deposited 66
class and in order to buy things I need
to be another user so I'm going to do
that and I will be apart so now that I'm
locked in as a different user I can come
right over here to the store that Josh
day 5 hoff previously made I can right
click on the sign just like the other
ones that will give me the details
I should give myself some glass and some
gold for the demonstration here so let's
say I want to sell all my glass I'll put
my glass in then right click the sign
and i just sold the glass for two gold
now if i want to buy gold i do the same
thing put in the two gold and buy it bot
64 glass for two gold now the cool thing
is there's my glass um say put in a
bunch of gold and then right click the
sign I can't buy there's only 64 glass
left in the store so I can only buy 64
glass um alright guys I hope this helped
you all out a little bit if not go ahead
and send me a message here on the on the
website or you can email me at panther
hockey 32 the numbers 32 at hotmail com
thanks a lot guys